are all guys today i'm here
show you the discover pro system of
volkswagen golf gti
so what do we have a screen a
8 inch display in HD really well
defined and here we have physical keys for
regarding the various media radio
music sources founded voice for
voice command
nav really navigation traffic
traffic information settings
of the car and menu the screen
main
we are connected with a device
bluetooth and so now we want
feel with lenny kravitz the system
audio of this golf
the system really sounds very good there
they look like their own speakers
they have really deep basses they are
reached the maximum volume on
audio system did not distort the volume
making him use the boxes or a picture
really worth the sound system with
this infotainment system
then I move from various sources
we have jukebox or songs that
we store inside the hard disk
a of the cv dvd sd card machine that
you have seen presentation we can
insert as in the cd inside the
glove compartment at weeks and usb
selection or all the songs but with the
bluetooth are not displayed and here
sound position settings
low volume medium high bunun spider
in short, the usual things after which we have
see the radio screen with
truly this is a here
capacitive touchscreen that is to say
that like the football of the phones you see
it really flows easily here
we have all the memory stations
routes that are 15
after that, fm am setup band
also here posts on the news sound
of the real traffic that interrupts us
the sound of a radio and puts us
rtl examples for traffic news
manual selection and then this in
practice then here see above
we have various individual written for
regarding the selection of
driving mode you have seen in the
presentation video with the little key
mood now charged and field how much
take let's say the connected phone and
outdoor temperature
then we can add phone here
to favorites for example we go up
phone and call
a contract we call often
let's say we have the keypad you see
the sense of proximity that makes it immediately
here and we can also m through
voice command contacts also registers
here the setup we are going to see bluetooth
user profile we can immunize
obviously more devices and remember
don't forget the phone this is one
interesting function
let's say consensus warns when we
let's get out of the car
if we leave the phone inside
of the machine warns us with a with a
buzzer call number tell the number of
Please no phone then cancels 90
I showed him the voice command
through the voice button the voice is not
so robotic and feels really good
to cancel, nothing is needed but
you have to click on the screen like
you saw I can put a number
through own voice we go on
navigation function the map is
really nice
as you can see here we have a new one
destination my destinations then
let's see how to enter a
destination with the usual keyboard not
it's qwerty you see really very fast
has implemented the commands
after that we go to see the zoom
we can regulate it through
this key
then my itineraries points to
interest the visual or 2d or 3d network
the radio automatic zoom or from
this screen we can go to
change the radio setup let's go
reference path options
fuel or you can also warn
if we are reserve as in our case the
nearest gas station
map then as I said it shows
really good real traffic in the tmc
traffic news
see how well this is flowing
car
here is our gt
tells us to refuel not
we can go to view all the
tire press information
driving assistance
lights in short all the settings also
time and date then also the settings
regarding the system
infotainment less we give instead to
main screen
as I said really nice to
graphic then and after strings with the
ignition volume wheel here we have
see it does the traces function of
scroll this wheel and also
okay then here we go to see
instead the steering wheel controls that can
be called voice command
one volume change radio station
source not source subject to
change with this button here and here
let's call the songs instead like I said
first maybe a little too many keys up
this gt but I have to say that if you do
i don't get used to not being there
therefore a really difficult system
really good infotainment in my opinion
on the class all the infotainment systems
and its category and is worthy of
be put on end-of-car cars too
higher than higher than
this golf like I said screen
really well defined really well
touch screens and functions working
they are all easy to reach
really with extreme ease
I dare say thanks to those physical keys
which allows us to go
therefore within each function
I would say that from this system discover pro
by volkswagen golf gti is everything from enrico
I consult everyone